install: document sdw-admin --configure (#335)
freedomofpress/securedrop-workstation-docs: docs/admin/install/install.rst

Installing SecureDrop Workstation
=================================

.. _download_rpm:

Download SecureDrop Workstation Packages
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> First, we'll download the SecureDrop Workstation packages needed to configure and install the SecureDrop Workstation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you must download the packages needed to configure and install the SecureDrop Workstation.
```
The way we address users changes throughout this PR. In some cases, we address them by saying that "we'll download/configure/etc.", but in other places we say "you will need to download/configure/etc."

We should aim to be be consistent - I recommend that we stick to "you must / you should, etc." just for consistency across all our docs.

- In the the ``vault`` file manager, select the persistent volume's listing in the lower left sidebar. It will be named ``N GB encrypted``, where N is the size of the persistent volume. Enter the persistent volume passphrase to unlock and mount it. When prompted, select the option to **Forget password immediately**.

> - In the ``dom0`` terminal, proceed with the next import step of the ``sdw-admin`` command or rerun 

Author: ah yes, sorry that is unclear! the way the `sdw-admin --configure` command is set up now is that it continues onto import the JI config after we complete the submission key import, so it could still be running. but if the user has exited, then they can rerun + it will proceed with just the JI config import.

- Locate an *Admin Workstation* or *Journalist Workstation* USB drive. Both hold the address and authentication info for the *Journalist Interface*; if you also want to copy the journalist user's password database, use the *Journalist Workstation* USB drive.

- Connect the USB drive to a USB port on the Qubes computer, then use the devices widget in the upper right panel to attach it to the ``vault`` VM. There will be 3 listings for the USB in the widget: one for the base USB, one for the Tails partition on the USB, labeled ``Tails``, and a 3rd unlabeled listing, for the persistent volume. Choose the third listing.

- In the the ``vault`` file manager, select the persistent volume's listing in the lower left sidebar. It will be named ``N GB encrypted``, where N is the size of the persistent volume. Enter the persistent volume passphrase to unlock and mount it. When prompted, select the option to **Forget password immediately**.

- In the ``dom0`` terminal, proceed with the next import step of the ``sdw-admin`` command or re-run 

  .. code-block:: sh 

      sdw-admin --configure 

>   The command will print out the imported Journalist Interface details to confirm before proceeding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The command will print out the imported *Journalist Interface* details to confirm before proceeding.
```

Glossary terms should be italicized - I think this one was just missed, all the others I've seen so far LGTM
